**Simple dummy pokedéx were you can list your favorite pokemons :3**

Pokemon entry structure:

 - int: global pokedex index (`global_id`)

 - string: name

 - string list: abilities

 - int: base stat total (`base_stat_total`)

 - float: weight

 - int: generation

 - string list: weaknesses

 - string list: resistances

 - string list: immunities

 - string list: egg group (aka: breeding)

Entries are persisted in a text database, with key value pairs, each on a line. A blank line separates the pokedéx entries.

Example:

```
id: 45;
name: Vileplume;
abilities: Chlorophyll, Effect Spore;
base stat total: 490;
weight: 18.6;
generation: 1;
weaknesses: Fire, Ice, Flying, Psychic;
resistances: Water, Grass, Electric, Fighting, Fairy;
immunities: none;
egg group: Grass;
```

**Aspects:**

 - C++23 standard.

 - C style IO (cstdio library) rather than C++ style IO (iostream) in many cases, proeminently for simple printing.

 - Handmade linked list instead of std::vector.

**To do:**

 - Optional graphical interface (Raylib). (wasn't fully implemented. Probably broken right now.)

## Building

suggested compiler: g++

```sh
g++ -I include/ src/command_line/main.cpp src/command_line/pokedex.cpp  src/pokemon.cpp src/pokedex.cpp -o pokedex-cli
``` 
or

```sh
clang++ -I include/ src/command_line/main.cpp src/command_line/pokedex.cpp  src/pokemon.cpp src/pokedex.cpp -o pokedex-cli
``` 

## Testing
Tests are to be conducted using `test/dex.txt`, which contains all 1025 pokemon entries already filled in. The file was made using a python script that scraped the data off of the html in "https://pokemondb.net/pokedex/". The script used is stored inside the test folder aswell.

Initially, tests were conducted with `test/smalldex.txt`, but that file is now obsolete, as is `bigdex.txt`, which are left there just for archiving purposes. `bigdex.txt` was generated by fetching and converting a json file from [olitreadwell](https://github.com/olitreadwell/pokemon-classic-json/blob/main/pokedex.json), which reunites 151 classic pokemons.
## License

Unlicense (public domain)
